
Juan Treminio @ Web Developer
Experienced web developer with a heavy focus on PHP and MySQL. Testing fanatic
Experience
Senior Web Developer, Architect @ Mytrus

Brought in for my testing experience, in charge of integrating modern tools into an existing, stable and profitable application, such as Composer, Behat, Vagrant/Puppet, Twig and PHPUnit.

Programming with security and privacy concerns as priority issues since this is a medical-based application in use around the world.

Helped team migrate from SVN to git.

Began my journey into Objective-C (iOS) development.

php phpunit composer vagrant puppet behat tdd mysql git svn zend framework 1
Senior Web Developer, Architect @ etouches

In charge of paving the way to a completely unit/behavioral tested rewrite of our extremely popular conference management application.

Provide insight to proper software architecture, best-practices, testing and tools.

Train coworkers on unit testing, including the concepts, purpose and benefits of testing.

Ensure our rewritten application is well-structured, well-tested and follows best practices.

php phpunit behat mink tdd mysql git jenkins yii yui
Senior Web Developer @ Kaplan Professional

Working with a small group of great developers creating Kaplan Professional's next-generation Learning Management System (LMS).

Helped move the group from writing tests after code, to TDD (using PHPUnit) and finally to BDD (using Behat/Mink).

Application is built on an old, highly customized version of Kohana 2.x, with a number of Zend Modules, all configured to allow easy testing.

Our code is extremely DRY and separated, with controllers/views/domains/daos, and I love it!

php phpunit behat mink tdd bdd mysql mercurial jenkins kohana zend-framework jquery
Senior Web Developer @ Beckett Media

Worked to bring an oft-delayed eCommerce application to life.

Worked extensively with Paypal API, integrating payments and refunds abilities into the system.

Database had over 30 million items, all hooked into Sphinx for full text search.

I was brought in specifically to help the team finish the development of the application, so getting quickly up to speed on the codebase was very important.

php svn mysql sphinx codeigniter jquery
Senior Web Developer, IT Manager @ HomeCEUConnection.com

I was brought in to be sole maintainer of a pre-existing, custom LMS.

HomeCEUConnection is an LMS and eCommerce app mixed into one which allows therapists around the country take their online continuing education courses to maintain their licenses.

Exceptional record keeping and logging required by regulations.

While here I also created RehabRally.com for an in-person, live conference that was held in Orlando, FL. The application was written in under a month using CodeIgniter.

php git mysql kohana codeigniter jquery
Web Developer @ EEWDI

Worked at a small agency creating over 350 websites, all powered by a custom CMS backend.

I eventually moved up to lead web developer, supervising 2 developers in Bulgaria and a designer in Spain.

Our CMS integrated with several different payment processors, including credit card and check payments, as well as an anti-fraud script.

While here I also dabbled a bit in AS3 to create an awesome Flash movie player to be distributed to our affiliates.

php mysql wordpress
Projects
PuPHPet @ Github

PuPHPet is a simple GUI to set up virtual machines for web development.

It allows developers to effortlessly create customized, shareable Vagrant/Puppet manifests for local and remote virtualized development.

Fairly popular, and completely open source!
Zimple @ Github

This is a wrapper around the simple Pimple container. It provides a few features that makes handling objects and writing tests much easier.

If you have a codebase that is untestable and you are unable to offer deep refactoring to make it untestable, having a container such as this one is a good step toward gaining control over your codebase.
Yumilicious Tests @ Github

Unit and integration tests for Yumilicious, a medium web project I was solely responsible for.
Test Extensions @ Github

Some useful PHPUnit methods to make testing easier and more fun!

